docs: complete overhaul and switch to `mkdocs` (#321)
fluxcd/helm-operator: docs/faq.md

# Frequently asked questions

### A `HelmRelease` is stuck in a `failed` release state. How do I force it through?

You need to manually perform a `helm rollback` or `helm upgrade` to get it in
a healthy `deployed` state again before the Helm Operator will continue.
Read more about this in [the `HelmRelease`
guide](helmrelease-guide/reconciliation-and-upgrades.md#upgrade-failures).

### A `HelmRelease` reports a `deployed` release status but also an error. What is going on?

The release status recorded in the `status` sub-resource of the `HelmRelease`
is the status as given by Helm for the release. It is polled from Helm on a
interval (see
[`--status-update-interval`](references/operator.md#reconciliation-configuration)).

The message is the error reported during the latest release failure. When this

> failure was for example due to a validation error, the upgrade has never been

Reviewer: ```suggestion
failure was for example due to a validation error, the upgrade has not been
completed, and the status of the release will thus still be `deployed`.
```

Reviewer: (can't be applied as is, since it changes the next line too)

actually performed and the status of the release will thus still be `deployed`.

### I want to automate chart releases from Helm chart repositories. Is this possible?

This is possible by wrapping the chart from the Helm chart repository in
an umbrella chart sourced from a Git source, [read more about this
here](helmrelease-guide/automation.md#helm-repository-chart-updates).

### It takes a long time before the operator processes an update to a resource. How can I speed up the processing of releases?

The operator watches for changes of Custom Resources of kind `HelmRelease`. It

> receives Kubernetes Events and queues these to be processed, all resources will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
receives Kubernetes Events and queues these to be processed. All resources will
```

also be re-queued every [`--charts-sync-interval`
(default `3m`)](references/operator.md#reconciliation-configuration) for a
dry-run to detect and revert manual changes made to a release.

Depending on how many resources the operator is watching and the complexity of
the charts (umbrella charts for example generally take a longer time to

> process); the default amount of workers may not be sufficient to instantly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
process), the default number of workers may not be sufficient to instantly
```

process a release the moment it enters the queue as the queue works on a
[FIFO](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FIFO_(computing_and_electronics)) basis,
and other releases may have to be processed first.

> The solution is to increase the amount of workers processing the releases using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The solution is to increase the number of workers processing the releases using
```

the `--workers` flag (default `2`), i.e. by steps of `2` until the releases are
processed within a time frame that feels right to you.

> If this does not give the desired effect, or if the amount of workers required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this does not give the desired effect, or if the number of workers required
```

> is incredible high, there are two other tweaks possible:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is unacceptably high, there are two other tweaks possible:
```

1. increasing the `--charts-sync-interval`; this causes the queue to be less
   heavy occupied at the cost of detecting mutations less rapidly
1. using multiple Helm Operator instances, i.e. by having one operator per
   namespace; namespace scoping is possible by configuring the
   `--allow-namespace` flag
   
### The Helm Operator is taking up too many resources. How can I limit the resource usage?

When you are running the Helm Operator on an edge, home lab, or other resource

> constrained cluster it may take up too much resources to your likings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
constrained cluster it may take up too many resources for your liking.
```

> 1. In case of a high amount of `HelmRelease` resources, think about a namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In case of a high number of `HelmRelease` resources, think about a namespace
```

   restricted multi-tenant setup as an option to spread the load and have finer
   grain control over configuration.
1. Increase the [various polling intervals](references/operator.md) based on
   what your environment really needs:

>        - **`--status-update-interval`:** The interval at which Helm is polled for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       - `--status-update-interval`: The interval at which Helm is polled for
```

         are re-queued for reconciliation. Increasing this interval will result
         in mutations to a chart release being detected slower.
       - `--git-poll-interval`: The interval at which Git repositories are
         polled for changes for charts from Git sources.

### I have manually deleted a Helm release using `helm`. Why is the operator not able to restore it?

When you delete a Helm release with `helm delete <name>` using Helm 2, the
release name can not be re-used as the history of the old release is still
stored in the Helm storage under the same name. You need to use the
`helm delete --purge` option, only then the release history will be removed
from the Helm storage and the Helm Operator will then be able to reinstall the
release.

### I am using SSL between Helm and Tiller. How can I configure the operator to use the certificate?

When installing Flux, you can supply the CA and client-side certificate using
the `helmOperator.tls` options, more details [here](get-started/using-helm.md#with-tiller-helm-2).

### I am using Flux and have deleted a `HelmRelease` file from Git. Why is the Helm release still running on my cluster?

> Flux does not delete resources by default, you can enable Flux garbage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flux does not delete resources by default; you can enable Flux garbage
```

Reviewer: sentence changes direction -> semi-colon
